Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we are going to be able to retrieve our customer orders.
To do this, we have to go back to our VTS code.
And what we can do is we send the inner screens that re we can create a new file and we are going to
call this customer.
Customer.
Hopefully I can spare a customer.
OC class summer.
On the score other on the score screen and though the.
Okay.
And we are going to be using the distributor in order to retrieve customer orders.
So what we can do is we can head back to our browser and head up to.
Head up to Firebase Flow to the dead.
And over here we are going to search for the one time.
One time such one time read.
And that's who gets to that page.
Well, basically, we need the read time changes, but the one time rate is basically referring to the
future bidder.
Right.
This is where we have the future bidder.
So what we can do is we can copy the entire code and back to our VTS code and we are going to paste
this over.
Okay.
Definitely we are going to have all these errors.
So what we have to do is to alight and use control and dot in order to import those package.
Okay.
I think have not done this for some time now, and that is why it is delaying.
Look, I'm just going to do this again.
Contrary, not.
Okay.
What we can do to solve this, we can close this first.
And.
Yeah.
And open it again.
Okay.
A light now and use control.
And that seems cool.
And also we need to impart the material that that file sorry, the material to that package.
And now we have to rename this.
You can highlight and use controlled DX in order to allow similar names.
And we are going to call this customer order screen.
Okay.
Sorry.
What's going on to this customer older skewing.
Okay.
He's going to try and beat to make this wide.
And remember the string is basically referring to the source of the data.
So what we can do is we can get rid of this over here and also get rid of this over here.
And over here we are then going to say firebase.
Firebase.
Faster, faster.
The distance.
Does collection and the name of the collection we want to assess is the oldest collection.
And now we have the stand, say the snapshots.
What this will basically do is it's going to get us all the orders we have in the order collection,
including orders made by other users.
But what we simply want is we want to get the order based on the side of the user.
To do this, we have to use a filter over it and we can say Dot where and you can see it's asking for
the name of the field.
The name of the field.
The name of the field is called PSI CID.
And remember, the CID is basically referring to the UID of the user.
So what we can then do, we can then save for our Firebase auth in order to get the current logged in
user.
So we are basically getting the comment logged in user who made that order.
Okay.
So is equal to.
Firebase Auth.
But that instance, those comments user, then those did.
And over here, we need a no check.
Okay.
Basically, you can just create a variable to store that as well.
You really do not need to do it over here.
You can just go with that way and hopefully understand what I'm trying to say.
Okay.
Use control and save.
And if it has error, we are going to return this test which says something went wrong.
We can just enter this rapid center and if it is trying to fetch the data, we want to return a material.
And that's what I have.
That's why it's nice background.
And you can then have a child.
The child is going to be a sensor.
Which widget?
And we can then have another child, which is going to be a cycle of progress, indicates a cycle of
progress indicator and we can give this color.
Carlos got.
Sign.
Okay.
Right.
I think we need that.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And also we do not have any field known as company.
We can get rid of this and for now we can display the name of the customer.
Customer name.
Okay.
And now when we click on this order, we want to go to that screen.
To do that, we have to go back to the profile, the profile screen.
Profile screen.
Okay.
And scroll down to where we have the other.
Well, this is going to be navigator.
Navigator does push the routes is going to be something known as materia page route.
Okay.
It's going to take in the context.
And basically.
We want to return the customer or the screen.
Customer order.
Screen.
Look at this and way I think we need to alight and this can turn out in that same path and way.
We need this as well.
Okay.
Now.
Let's go check to see.
Okay.
Just have to get rid of this.
This country needs to save.
Okay.
Click on the.
No material.
Sorry.
We also don't need to drop the list back to the customer screen and we have to wrap this with a material.
My theory.
Okay.
So.
And you can try to save.
And this is going to work as expected.
Okay.
So school.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.